[ Reagan ]
Air and naval forces
of the United States...
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities–
[ Reporter ]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[ Reagan ] He has sanctioned
acts of terror in Africa,
Europe and the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
[ Reagan ]
...his relentless pursuit
of terror.
[ Bush ]
We will make no distinction–
[ Reporter ] The U.S.S.  Cole
was attacked while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number we’re gonna
swing for you is one
of the good ol’ favorites.
- [ Speaking Arabic ]
- ...until something stops him.
[ Carrie ]
It was right in front of my
eyes, and I never saw it coming.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Man ]
We got a plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
[ Man #2 ]
...thousands of people running–
We must, and we will, remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Saul Whispering ] You’re
the smartest and the dumbest
fucking person I’ve ever known.
[ Arabic Continues ]
[ Carrie ] I’m not the one
who got it wrong. I’m the only
one who got it right.
[ Saul ]
Take ’em.
Take ’em all.
[ Man ]
Roll every available ambulance
you’ve got to this position.
[ Police Sirens Wailing ]
[ Saul ]
Previously on  Homeland.
- I got plans for you.
- What plans?
I’m gonna play you
back into Iran.
From now on,
you work for us.
The senator has made
some serious allegations.
That you had Majid Javadi
in a safe house on American
soil and let him go.
We debriefed him,
turned him.
He’s ours.
I’ve made a decision
to give the marriage
another chance.
[ Car Door Closes ]
Javadi told me something
before he left–
about the Langley bomber.
You mean Brody.
No, that’s just it.
It’s not him.
The bomber’s the only way
to prove that Brody’s innocent.
Carrie, what the fuck
are you doing?
[ Adal ]
Carrie, turn around now.
This is your last warning.
[ Gunshot ]
[ Groans ]
[ Quinn ]
We got a gunshot wound
to the upper left bicep.
- Significant bleeding.
Might have clipped an artery.
- Where the fuck is Saul?
[ Crowd Chattering ]
[ Monitor: Rhythmic Beeping ]
You’re awake.
- Where am I?
- The naval hospital.
They brought you here
after you were shot.
[ Groans ]
Careful. Don’t wanna
rip the sutures.
Quite a few of ’em.
It was a through and through.
Missed the bone.
Some muscle
and tissue damage, but
no nerve involvement.
You’re lucky.
No, he’s just
a great shot.
How long will I
be in here?
As long as you need to be.
For me to heal...
or for the C.I.A. to figure out
what to do with me?
You’d have to talk to them.
Are you aware
you’re 13 weeks’ pregnant?
Yes.
The baby should
be fine, in case
you’re wondering.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
[ Ragged Breathing ]
[ Air Pumping ]
[ Man ]
Pupils reactive to light.
[ Air Hissing ]
[ Man #2 ]
B.P. is 60 over 40.
- Too fuckin’ low.
- [ Groaning ]
[ Blood Pressure Cuff Rips ]
- No, no. Lay down.
- [ Groaning ]
He started going
cold turkey on the flight,
so they knocked him out
with a half pint of vodka.
Idiots.
[ Groans ]
Pulse is thready.
[ Exhales, Pants ]
[ Groans ]
[ Yells, Groans ]
Take it easy.
[ Groans ]
Where’s my stuff,
you fucking thieves?
Come on.
Where’s my stuff?
Calm down!
Goddamn it!
Hey!
[ Groans, Pants ]
[ Whimpering ]
Where’s my stuff?
[ Panting, Whimpering ]
Don’t move now.
[ Panting Continues ]
You got seven days
till Lockhart’s confirmed.
You think this guy’s
gonna be ready by then?
He’s not what we expected,
but he’s what we’ve got.
[ Adal ]
If he agrees to do it.
He’s a mess.
Anemic, severely dehydrated,
probably hep C.
H.I.V. isn’t a stretch.
If you’re suggesting
a hospital, it’s out
of the question.
I’m pretty sure
I can keep him stable,
but the guy’s a junkie, sir.
How far is he
into withdrawal?
Hardly started.
What he’s feeling now,
it’s gonna get
a hell of a lot worse.
Methadone would
make it easier.
Has to be cold turkey.
Where he’s going,
we need him functional.
Even if it kills him?
It won’t.
Because you will
keep him alive.
You understand?
Sir.
[ Sobbing ]
[ Gasping ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Coughs, Gags ]
[ Coughing ]
[ Panting ]
You all right?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey! Stop.
What are you doing?
I need it.
There’s nothing
there for you.
I need it now.
Nope.
¡Dámelo! ¡Dámelo!
Hey! Grab him.
¡Dáme– Give it–
Give me–
Wait! Help me–
- Where’s the needle?
- Got it.
[ Whimpering ]
Cover him up.
Stay down.
Please.
[ Door Opens ]
How are you feeling?
The doctor says
you’re progressing nicely.
You’ll be up and walking
in no time,
though not necessarily
out of here.
There are two armed guards
outside your door.
You know, it never
ceases to amaze me
how you people close ranks.
Here you are,
a casualty of some C.I.A. op
gone very, very wrong–
basically a prisoner–
and still somehow
I’m the enemy.
You are aware
that the C.I.A. charter...
does not include operations
on U.S. soil?
You know,
I’m on painkillers.
I can barely understand
anything you’re saying.
Well.
I’ve been going
through your file.
The fact is, you need
someone you can trust.
And why is that?
You’re lying there shot,
and you need to ask?
The man who did this to you,
he’s on his way out.
But I need to know–
what’s he up to?
Ask him.
What was he doing in Caracas?
You didn’t even know
he was there, did you?
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
I got another message
from Carrie.
Is she calming down
at all?
No, the opposite.
Senator Lockhart
just paid her a visit.
Somehow he knows
about Caracas.
That’s impossible.
Well, he does.
You think he suspects?
I’m sure he
doesn’t have a clue.
She does now.
- So what do we do
about that?
- Same as before.
Keep her under guard
at the hospital,
away from Brody.
And Lockhart?
I don’t know
how the hell he found out.
No one knew besides us.
Have our houses
and offices swept,
every room, top to bottom.
[ Shuddering ]
[ Man ]
What happened?
Shat himself.
Jesus Christ.
Who are you?
Don’t talk.
You’re soldiers, aren’t you?
[ Sobbing ]
It’s burning.
Oh, it’s burning.
It’s not hot.
[ Sobbing ]
It’s burning.
Don’t.
It’ll continue as bad
as this, or worse,
another three days...
and at least a week after
that before the stuff’s
out of his system.
So you’re saying 10 days.
We have six.
Plus, at the end
of all this, he’s gonna be
weak as a fucking kitten.
There is another option.
- What?
- Ibogaine.
It’s a drug based
on a Nigerian plant.
It dramatically accelerates
the withdrawal process
and kills the addiction.
The side effects are brutal,
which is why it’s outlawed here.
Nausea, vomiting,
some hallucinations.
Violent, mind-bending
hallucinations.
Does it work?
It does.
Take my word.
[ Device Beeping ]
[ Rapid Beeping ]
[ Beeping Stops ]
[ Bag Unzipping ]
[ Beeping ]
♪ From the Halls
of Montezuma ♪
♪ To the shores of Tripoli ♪
♪ We fight
our country’s battles ♪
♪ In air, on land and sea ♪♪
Say something,
you motherfucker.
Don’t just stand there.
Say some–
[ Sobbing Quietly ]
[ Man ]
♪ First to fight
for right and freedom ♪
♪ And to keep our honor clean ♪
♪ We are proud
to claim the title ♪
♪ Of United States Marine ♪♪
Of United States Marine.
Oh! Oh!
Go–
[ Yells ]
God. God!
Get out. Get out!
[ Yells, Grunts ]
What the fuck
did you give me?
[ Sobs ]
[ Groans ]
[ Yelling ]
[ Yells, Panting ]
God. God!
[ Grunts ]
[ Mutters ]
Give me that!
Nicholas!
Get off of me!
Get off!
[ Shouting In Arabic ]
Get off of me!
Get off!
[ Speaking Arabic ]
- Get off of me!
- [ Arabic ]
He’ll sleep now...
for a while.
[ Murmuring ]
[ Exhales ]
[ Max ]
Maybe we should just
call Saul’s landline,
trigger the voice activation,
double-check
our tracking program.
We could.
But?
This house is leased
to a shipping consortium
out of Tel Aviv.
It’s got Mossad
written all over it.
But what if it’s just
a monitoring station
or a dead drop?
Then we’re wasting
our fuckin’ time.
[ Sighs ]
Are you getting this?
[ Shutter Clicking ]
[ Crickets Chirping ]
You’re alive.
That wasn’t a given.
Want some water?
Why couldn’t you have just
left me there to die?
I think you know
that wasn’t really an option.
So...
what now?
That’ll be up to you.
A trial?
Because I didn’t do it.
You talking about
bombing the C.I.A.?
I’m inclined to agree.
But your transgressions
don’t begin or end there.
And I’m not about to engage
in a back-and-forth...
where you somehow
end up the victim.
We both know
what you’ve done.
We both know what you are–
a man who’s dug himself
into a hole so deep,
common sense would tell you
there’s no way out.
I am telling you, though,
that there might be.
How?
I’m offering you a chance...
to be a marine again.
The man you were...
before they broke you.
Please...
[ Exhales ]
no more.
I’m done.
[ Whispers ]
You are not.
You will do
this one last thing.
No.
So kill me.
Kill me now.
[ Coughing ]
You wanna die, huh?
[ Exhales ]
We’ll see about that.
[ Engine Stops ]
[ Squad Leader ]
Put him overboard.
- Fuck this shit. I’m going in.
- Don’t. He’ll come up.
I don’t believe this.
Fuck it. Let’s go.
[ Sputters, Gasps ]
Pull him.
[ Sputters, Gags ]
[ Coughs ]
He went down like a stone.
No attempt to save
himself whatsoever.
Now he’s refusing
to eat.
Make him.
How do you expect us
to do that?
It’s called force-feeding.
All due respect, sir,
the guy’s a waste of space.
Now, I suggest whatever
you’ve got in mind for him,
just push it six months,
let us do this thing right.
You done letting us in
on your thought process?
Yes, sir.
Get him to eat.
He’s right, you know.
Our window’s closing fast.
It’s now or never, Saul.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
How are you feeling?
As if you actually care.
You know, I’ve had time
to think here.
And I keep coming back
to the fact that
this bullet in my shoulder...
would never have happened
without your okay.
You were about to
compromise the mission.
I was about to clear Brody.
You said you were behind that.
"Clear Brody."
What does that even mean?
So you lied to me.
I don’t think you
want to go there–
who lied to whom,
Brody slipping out
of the country...
while you were unconscious
for 14 hours.
You think I believed that
for a second?
You know I was in Caracas.
You left me a message.
Don’t you want to know
how he is?
How is he?
He’s not well.
What did you do to him?
You know, the assumptions
behind that question...
are so misguided,
it frightens me.
I found him in a bad way.
Believe me,
it wasn’t
something I wanted.
Where is he?
In Virginia,
at Dam Neck.
Got a special ops team
trying to get him in shape.
In shape for what?
That’s what I wanted
to talk about.
I have a play.
It involves Brody.
And I’m hoping
you’ll convince him
it’s in everyone’s interest.
You told me Javadi
was the play.
He is.
Brody’s the next phase.
And you need me why?
I’m assuming he already
turned you down.
We didn’t get that far.
Like I said, he’s not well.
So what is it?
What’s your big idea?
Danesh Akbari.
Head of Iran’s
Revolutionary Guard?
Right.
Javadi’s boss?
And the single greatest
impediment to peace.
I want him gone.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, good luck with that.
Brody can get to him.
How?
As the Langley bomber.
Brody seeks
political asylum there,
gets an audience with Akbari,
takes him out.
Javadi’s the heir apparent.
He ascends the throne,
and he goes from being one
of the 20 most important
people in Iran...
to one of three,
only he’s working for us.
Brody takes him out?
Yes.
Come on, Saul.
You’re reaching.
Akbari’s better protected
than the ayatollah.
Brody’s got a knack for
getting into tight places.
He’s done it before.
At best, it’s
a suicide mission.
No. He’ll have a team
on the ground.
And you expect me
to convince him of this?
I expect you
to consider deeply...
the upside of placing
a U.S. asset...
at the very top
of the Iranian food chain.
That’s what I expect.
Javadi won’t be just
an intelligence source.
He’ll be in control
of the entire Iranian
security apparatus.
That doesn’t mean
he’ll roll over
and play dead.
I know, but he
can do something.
Something to break
the logjam.
Something besides
another war.
Something that’ll change
the facts on the ground
just enough...
so two countries that
haven’t been able to
communicate for over 30 years,
except through
terrorist actions
and threats,
can sit down and talk.
That’s the play, Carrie.
Tell me it’s not
worth your time.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
[ Footsteps ]
Hey.
Brody, I want you to know
that I didn’t know
you were here until today.
I came as soon as I heard.
Tell me if there’s anything
I can do for you.
Anything.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Footsteps ]
[ Door Closes ]
[ Sighs ]
When do you
need him ready by?
Twenty-seventh of this month.
Why so soon?
It’s the day Senator Lockhart’s
confirmation hearings begin.
Right.
Tell me what happened
to him in Caracas.
A world of shit,
as far as we know.
He was gut-shot
at the Colombia border,
nearly died.
Got hooked on
the painkillers, I guess.
There was also
an incident at a mosque.
An imam and his wife
were murdered.
- Because of him?
- Because of him.
I need a vehicle.
[ Man ]
What happened to your arm?
- Hang-gliding accident.
- For real?
Fucking C.I.A., Baraz.
What are you asking her
questions for?
Just making conversation.
[ Carrie ]
It’s the next left.
[ Exhales ]
What now?
Now we wait.
[ Baraz Clears Throat ]
We sat on the house
for 24 hours,
and this is the only person
who ever came in or out.
Oh, Christ.
[ Quinn ]
You know him?
I’m afraid so.
Who is he?
A friend of my wife’s.
His name is Alain Bernard.
She met him in Mumbai.
They struck up
a relationship there,
which may or may not
be ongoing.
I hate to ask this, Saul,
but do you think
Mira’s aware?
That he’s an Israeli
intelligence officer? No.
Falling for the guy
is her only crime.
What do you
want me to do?
For the time being?
Pick him up.
Put him in
a dark fucking hole.
What about Lockhart?
How does he fit
in the equation?
I think I buried the lead.
- Meaning what?
- After our guy left
the safe house,
I followed him
to Pete’s Diner, Capitol Hill.
[ Chuckles ]
Dana?
Dana? Da–
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
- Hey, assholes, let me out.
- Brody.
- Stop.
- Get– Let me the hell out!
- [ Soldier ]
Relax!
- [ Grunts ]
- Brody!
- [ Soldier #2 ]
Motherfucker!
Dana, it’s me! Dana!
Get back.
Dana!
Fuck. Dana!
- She can’t hear you, Brody.
- [ Panting ]
You– You bitch.
You fucking bitch.
Is he in?
Is he expecting you?
[ Lockhart ]
Tell him to forget it.
Sir, you can’t go in there.
Listen. I gotta go.
What the hell, Saul?
- What is this?
- Open it.
[ Exhales ]
Care to explain?
Alain Bernard is writing
a profile on me
for Le Monde.
Twenty minutes ago,
Alain Bernard
admitted to being...
an asset of Israeli
intelligence.
And I should I be concerned
about this, why?
Because he claims
he passed you information...
obtained from a listening device
planted in my home.
That’s preposterous.
Is it?
One call to Ambassador
Benayoun, and it’d be
an international incident.
Second call to the Post,
and your picture would be
on the front page...
of every newspaper
in the country.
[ Sighs ]
What do you want?
Time.
Time?
Postpone your confirmation
till the middle of next month,
and these will never
see the light of day.
I don’t understand.
It’s a simple request.
Give me a few more weeks.
That’s not what I meant.
You could destroy me with this.
You could guarantee
your own tenure as director.
Why are you letting me
off the hook?
Because it would humiliate
my wife, Senator.
And because it would
damage the Agency...
badly.
We have a deal?
We do.
I was hoping you’ve
calmed down enough to talk.
What’s Dana doing
cleaning motel rooms
in the middle of nowhere?
Why, is something wrong
with that– being a maid?
There’s nothing wrong
with that, goddamn it.
I just want to know what’s
going on with my daughter.
Drink it, and I’ll
tell you about Dana.
[ Sighs ]
[ Slurping ]
Slowly, or you’ll be sick.
[ Exhales ]
There.
Now what’s going on?
Well, she’s had
a rough time, Brody.
She dropped out of school.
She moved out of the house.
She changed her last name.
Take me back to the motel.
It’s not gonna happen.
For Christ’s sake, Carrie.
I told you, if you want to
see her again, you have to–
Quit your fucking games,
Carrie!
I need to look her in the eye.
I want her to know I’m innocent!
If you keep yelling,
this conversation is over.
Now, I would like to tell
these two men to leave.
Can I do that?
[ Sighs ]
[ Door Opens ]
What do you want?
Same thing as Saul Berenson,
I’m guessing.
Some bullshit about me
being a marine again?
What do you want, Brody?
What have you always wanted?
A chance at redemption.
What– For the last time,
Carrie, I didn’t do
the bombing.
You of all people
should know that.
I’m not talking
about the bombing.
I’m talking about
the suicide vest.
I’m talking about the death
of Elizabeth Gaines...
and those two
Secret Service agents
outside the State Department.
I’m talking about
what happened to that imam
and his wife in Caracas.
[ Gasps ]
Do what Saul’s asking.
What you’re asking.
All right, what I’m asking.
If not for your sake,
then for Dana’s.
Otherwise, telling her
you’re innocent is just–
It’s just one more lie.
Look at me, Carrie.
[ Chuckles Quietly ]
You couldn’t send me out
for a pack of cigarettes
right now.
We’ll get you ready.
You just have to be willing.
[ Panting ]
[ Chattering ]
- Well, look who’s
come out to play.
- About fucking time.
- Did you get
mommy’s permission?
- Shut the fuck up, everybody.
We’re going this way.
You ready?
[ Soldier Mutters ]
[ Breathing Heavily ]
Oh.
Come on.
On your feet.
[ Pants, Exhales ]
No. He needs
to do it by himself.
[ Panting ]
[ Gasping, Wheezing ]
[ Brody Coughs ]
[ Panting ]
- Tell me when you’re
good to go again.
- Now.
Go.
Sixteen Days Later
[ Radio Chatter ]
Find Maputo, Mozambique.
What’s the frequency?
KHZ 3265.
- What language
are they speaking?
- Portuguese.
[ Radio Chatter ]
- Bottom three cards.
- Eight of clubs.
[ Gunshot ]
- Ten of hearts.
- [ Gunshot ]
Jack of spades.
Spell her last name.
Uh, B-A-C-Z-E-W-S-K-I.
Baczewski.
[ Baraz ]
It says right here
she’s hotter than what?
Georgia asphalt.
Who said that?
Lula Fortune to Sailor Ripley
in Wild at Heart.
Fuckin’-A right.
Yeah.
So, you guys got
something going on?
No.
Come on, man.
I’m seeing the way
she’s checking you out
when you’re not looking.
There’s nothing.
Seriously?
Seriously.
So you don’t mind if I hit
that shit then, right?
[ Laughs ]
See? There is something.
I knew it.
- No. Go ahead. Really.
- No, man, I’m just
fucking with you.
I’m married.
We just had our first kid.
It’s a boy.
Name’s Devon.
How come I didn’t
know that?
I just– I don’t like
talking about my family.
[ Knocking ]
Superstitious.
[ Dice Clatter ]
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
Hey. We’re on in five
in the briefing room.
[ Sighs ]
[ Scott ]
Iranian patrols in the area
are intermittent,
but they are well trained
and equipped.
Also, there is
an I.R.I.A.F. base
in Bijar, 70 miles away,
which means they can
call in air support.
[ Soldier ]
What kind of planes
are we talking?
Some French-built F-1 Mirages,
impounded from Iraq
after the First Gulf War,
and six Chinese Su-24s.
- Excuse me.
Can we back up a minute?
- Sure.
The guys get me to the border
where I surrender myself?
Correct.
And we chose Marivan...
because several Al-Qaeda
commanders also asked for
political asylum there.
What happens then?
I get flown to Tehran?
After a period of vetting,
yeah, that’s our expectation.
Okay. But what
makes you think...
I’ll ever get close enough
to General Akbari
to take him out?
[ Saul ]
You’ll be treated
as a hero of the revolution.
Senior members of the regime,
like the general,
want to take advantage
of your propaganda value.
Plus Javadi’s on the ground
to facilitate a meeting
between the two of you.
But if we don’t know where
or when the assassination
goes down–
[ Scott ]
You’re concerned
about our extraction plan–
- how we’re gonna get you
out of there once it’s done?
- Yeah.
I was just getting to that.
Once you’re inserted
at the border,
four members of your team...
will continue south
to Nowdesheh...
where they’ll cross
the mountains, make their way
overland to Lavasan,
a small city
just outside Tehran.
Opposition groups there have
provided us with a safe house.
We’ve already gone ahead
and put in secure sat comm.
Our code there is Nasreddin.
Molla Nasreddin Majnun.
Since when
do you smoke?
I don’t. I’m not.
It just looks
like I’m smoking.
[ Chuckles ]
There. It never happened.
You saw nothing.
Nothin’?
[ Chuckles ]
Look, I did
what you asked.
I’m doing what you want.
Now, you told me you’d
take me to see Dana again.
I meant after you get back.
Come on, Carrie.
We both know
that’s a long shot.
We made it this far.
That’s true.
I admit I had my doubts.
Oh? Is that why you’ve
kept your distance?
Hey, it’s fine.
You’re entitled.
[ Sighs ]
You’re loading out
in six hours.
I’m not sure I can get you
off the base and back in time.
Well, I’m not leaving
until I see Dana again.
It’s there– 119.
Brody, there’s something
you need to know.
Before she changed her name,
before she left home,
Dana was hospitalized.
About two weeks
after the bombing,
she tried to kill herself.
[ Dana ]
Who is it?
Dana, it’s me.
It’s your dad.
[ Window Blinds
Fluttering ]
[ Lock Turns ]
Hi.
How did you find me?
Carrie.
Can I come in?
Dana, please.
Thank you.
I had to see you.
Okay. You have.
Oh, my baby, I’m so sorry.
Don’t be.
How are you now?
Why are you here?
’Cause I just wanted to tell you
that all those things...
those people said I did,
I didn’t do.
Fine. Fine. Good.
I didn’t kill
all those people.
It wasn’t me.
I didn’t do it.
And I have to leave soon,
in a few hours.
But I just wanted
to see you before I go.
You did.
Did you ever,
for one second,
think about if I
wanted to see you?
What– What do you
wanna hear?
That you were
a good dad?
Huh?
[ Sobs ]
That despite everything,
it’s all okay?
What do you want me
to say?
Look. Look. Here.
Here, just write it down.
Really. Just write it down,
and I will say it to you...
as long as you promise
that I will never
have to see you again.
Either of you.
I will come back
from Tehran.
I know you will.
And not just for her.
Where the fuck were you?
He wanted to talk.
He’s got 45 minutes
to load out.
He’s all set.
You took him off base.
He threatened
to pull out, Saul.
Anything could have
happened out there.
But it didn’t.
I am truly at
a fucking loss with you.
Have a little faith, Saul.
Two weeks ago,
there was no operation.
Now there is because of me.
I really need you
to get that.
Because in order for us
to pull this thing off,
we’re gonna have to find a way
to trust each other again.
Or at least come up with
a really great plan
for faking it.
Brody.
See you on the other side.
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Goose Honks ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]